
PREFACE 

f 

THERE is not much to say about these stories. The first four 
are the last ones I have written. The others follow in the 
order in which they were originally published. 

The first one I wrote was 'Up in Michigan', written in 
Paris in 1921. The last was 'Old Man at the Bridge', cabled 
from Barcelona in April of 1938. 

I wrote The Killers', 'To-day Is Friday', Ten Indians", 
part of 'Fiesta', and the first third of 'To Have and Have Not' 
in Madrid. It was always a good place for working. So was 
Paris, and so were Key West, Florida, in the cool months; the 
ranch, near Cooke City, Montana; Kansas City; Chicago; 
Toronto, and Havana, Cuba. 

Some other places were not so good, but maybe we were 
not so good when we were in them. 

There are many kinds of stories in this book. I hope that 
you will find some that you like. Reading them over, the ones 
I liked the best, outside of those that have achieved some 
notoriety so that school teachers include them in story col- 
lections that their pupils have to buy in story courses, and 
you are always faintly embarrassed to read them and wonder 
whether you really wrote them or did you maybe hear them, 
somewhere, are 'The Short Happy Life of Francis Macomber', 
'In Another Country 5 , 'Hills Like White Elephants', 'A Way 
You'll Never Be', 'The Snows of Kilimanjaro', 'A Clean, 
Well-Lighted Place', and a story called 'The Light of the 
World', which nobody else ever liked. There are some others 
too. Because if you did not like them you would not publish 
them. 

In going where you have to go, and doing what you have 
to do, and seeing what you have to see, you dull and blunt 
the instrument you write with. But I would rather have it 
bent and dulled and know I had to put it on the grindstone 
again and hammer it into shape and put a whetstone to it, 
and know that I had something to write about, than to have 



8 PREFACE 

it bright and shining and nothing to say, or smooth and well 
oiled in the closet, but unused. < 

Now it is necessary to get to the grindstone again. I wQuld 
like to live long enough to write three more novels and 
twenty-five more stories. I know some pretty good ones. 

ERNEST HEMINGWAY 
